hey hey man I'm here hey drew drew yeah
about that from the Comedy Store and the
Laugh Factory
okay there's a 10 o'clock show like
right after we kind of had a like what's
up and I was like I got you drew yeah
yeah kind of funny man I remember that
that's pretty good
oh my god thank you coming from you that
means a whole lot and I really hope we
don't do that I thought she was trying
to roll up on me probably know like if
I'm gonna get an invite from Jay
Phillips to come down to the club kick
it rock it funk it do it I'm gonna be
here wait a min what are you talking
about what invite you know the UH the
internet thing Twitter I mean don't you
do you even know who don't be in yes of
course I wouldn't do a smelly set hey
yeah so you meet people here what you
got some friends coming through no
friends so you ain't got no friends no I
am I got tons of friends I just don't
have any Queens that means like you know
you guys are you guys like dance you
guys dance so oh I get it
no no no I got it so you like me because
I can play basketball and and dance and
and rap knowledge that what you're
talking about
oh the thing is no but like it's good to
know that you know how to play
basketball because so do i I played a
little at JV you know I know the
fundamentals and I can pass it and we
should play because I need to really
learn exactly what the rules are and you
could teach me the rules fuck you buddy
fuck you too man
yeah let him know fuck you fuck to the
haters to the haters I'm just gonna put
Valencia on this one you should hang out
what should we click what's your next
week like I don't know I don't really
plan like that ahead you know I get it I
get it like what's for Tuesday right
Tuesday just same shit I just told I
don't really plan yeah you know I mean I
get it
listen why don't we meet up Tuesday
possibly at that coffee place should
normally go to go have coffee on
Tuesdays no it's just about hanging and
knowing about your friends and knowing
what they're about so let me just go
ahead and send you okay this is getting
really weird I'm about to go in and wrap
it up you're about to bounce
yes bounce myself what buddy
skedaddle get out of here you know what
I mean I've got to wrap it up good it's
been a long one and I I feel like we've
hung out out I feel like we can't talk
in there it's too loud you got the music
going and you're like I feel like we
can't connect music going alright you
got it so yeah yeah all right yeah you
know hey good hanging on don't touch me
I get it yeah yeah save it for later
more hugs later no no that's all right
man I'll see you Tuesday all right
yeah I got to get off Twitter